you are going to be interviewing me. I
put out an Instagram story a few weeks
ago asking you for your questions and I
have hundreds of audio messages. So, let
me first say thank you so much for
everyone who asked a question and
submitted themselves to possibly be on
this podcast. I appreciate all of your
openness and willingness for me to give
you feedback, give you advice, and
answer your questions here in today's
episode. Alisa asked,
>> "What should you do, especially when you
notice algorithm changes around the
holidays? Should you continue your
normal posting schedule or should you
post fewer?"
>> Great question. Super relevant at the
time this was asked. And I know that you
might be thinking, "Well, Brock, the
holidays are over, so why does this
matter?" Let me tell you, especially
because there's always going to be
holidays coming in the future. There are
always going to be dips in engagement.
There's always going to be times where
people are just less engaged, less
active, less attentive on the platform.
And so, let me say, just keep posting.
Like Dory the fish says in Finding Nemo,
just keep swimming. Just keep swimming.
The same is true on Instagram. Just keep
posting. Just keep posting. If you need
a break for your own mental health, for
your own sanity, because your own life
is stressful and crazy, go ahead, take a
break. Take a few days off. Decrease
your frequency. But there's no reason to
decrease your level of posting, your
consistency, or anything like that
during the holidays or during any other
time where you notice that views and
engagement drops because that can often
times lead to a cycle where your views
and your engagement keep going down.
Basically, you see less views and
engagement, so you start posting less.
And then even as engagement and views
return, maybe a few weeks or a few days
later, you're still posting less. So,
you're still getting less views and
engagement. So then you start posting
even more less less frequently and it's
just a negative feedback loop. So just
keep posting, keep staying consistent as
long as you can sustain that level. This
question comes from a slice of social.
>> How do you do keyword research to make
sure that your content contains the best
keywords for SEO? When it comes to
keyword research, especially as it
pertains to Instagram, I think a lot of
people overthink the keywords that they
are using and they stress out over SEO
and all these fancy terms when instead
you really just want to make sure that
you are using the terms that your
audience is using. You want to be using
lingo, using adjectives, using verbs,
nouns, all the different parts of speech
uh that your audience already uses.
That's really the key. And so, while
there are definitely tools that can help
you out, I like to use Google Trends. I
like to use Vid IQ, which is technically
a tool for YouTube keyword research, but
very, very similar audiences, of course,
and then just general hashtag research.
The best kind of research that you can
do is just going into the comments
sections of either your own posts or
posts from popular people in your niche
and just reading through the comments.
What words are people using? What terms?
What phrases? What lingo? What inside
jokes? You can even get as specific as
what emojis are they using. Like Gen Z
uses the skull emoji for laughing.
Millennials use the crying with laughing
face. And Gen X often uses the crying
laughing face, but the one that's kind
of tilted to the side. So you can do
your own research to figure out what
your audience is doing, what they're
using, what words they're into. Um, and
just make sure that you're using those
things in your post. But the biggest
thing with SEO is don't overthink it.
This next question comes from Mandy and
she wants to know
>> how to reach to nonfollowers.
>> How do you reach nonfollowers? There's a
few things that you can reliably do to
reach more non-followers. The biggest
one, the most important one is to
consistently create content relating to
one singular topic because then the
algorithm can learn what that topic is
and it can show you two nonfollowers who
are interested in said topic. That's
number one. Number two, increase shares
aka create more shareworthy posts. We've
talked about that in a few other
episodes, but essentially shareworthy
posts, the things that people are
sending to one another is one of the
most reliable ways to reach more
nonfollowers without even having to rely
on the algorithm. So, think about
creating relatable humor, creating
motivational posts, creating posts that
are slightly unpopular opinions or maybe
even controversial posts that relate to
pop culture or breaking news. Those
things are oftent times very
shareworthy. And then, of course, just
make sure that you are telling people to
share your posts. Don't just create
shareworthy posts. Encourage your
audience to actually share them. And
then the third relatively new tool that
you can use to reach non-followers is
trial reels where you can now post your
reels to only non-followers. So some of
your followers, I guess, could find
these reels, but really the purpose of
them is to specifically reach
non-followers so that you can try them
out and test out how this reel is going
to perform. But a kind of added benefit
is that these posts are going to reach
90% plus non-followers. So it could be a
great way to grow your following. This
next question from Vanessa is one that I
know so many of you have as well.
>> How can I have more engagement on my
post? Is it by doing engagement myself?
Refining my messaging?
>> Engagement, the holy grail of growing on
Instagram. The more engagement you get,
the more views you get. The more views
you get, the more followers or
nonfollowers you reach. The more
followers and nonfollowers you reach,
the more customers you can gain from
Instagram. So, it all starts with
engagement. Speaking specifically to
Vanessa, one huge mistake that I noticed
she's making that I know so many of you
are making is burying your calls to
action. What I mean by that is you do
one of these trending audio reels. It's
funny, it's engaging, it's educational,
whatever. It's one of these quick
little, you know, 7-second reels and
then you write this long caption and
then at the bottom of your long caption
is where you put your call to action.
No, no, no. We can't bury our call to
action and hope that people are going to
discover it like some secret treasure.
Instead, we need to put it in people's
face. And what I mean by that is
literally put it in the text on the
screen on the reel. Which brings me to
my second point. If all you're ever
doing is these trending audios, these
lip sync reels. It's hard for people to
build community with you because they
don't even know what your voice sounds
like. So, as scary as it is, put your
face on camera and put your voice on
camera by creating educational or
inspirational, motivational talking head
reels. That way, your audience can
connect with you more deeply as a human
being. And hopefully that should create
more of a sense of community, more trust
and understanding, which should also
hopefully increase your engagement.
There are also a million other tips I
could give like create more shareworthy
content so that your post just has more
views and more eyeballs in general.
Another thing that I would recommend is
using DM automation so you can increase
the number of comments that you're
getting on your posts. I would also say
that controversial posts are some of the
best posts for engagement. Now, whenever
I say this, people are like, "Wait, I
should try to get cancelceled and be
offensive." No, of course not. You
shouldn't try to offend anyone or try to
be rude or crass or anything like that.
But what I would recommend doing is
using the unpopular opinions or the
things that are common in your niche
that you kind of disagree with and
turning those things into post ideas. So
you're not attacking anyone. You're not
going after anyone else in your niche.
You're going after ideas or topics. And
I shouldn't even say going after, you're
just sharing your alternative opinion,
your point of view that you personally
have. And these posts are usually great
for engagement as well. Are you ready to
take your business marketing to the next
level? Meet Brevo, the all-in-one
marketing and CRM platform built to help
you connect with customers, boost
engagement, and grow your business
smarter. With Brevo, you can manage all
of your customer interactions in one
place. Nurture leads with their built-in
CRM, reach your audience through email
and SMS, and keep them coming back with
powerful automations. But here's where
it gets really exciting. Meet Aura,
Brevo's AI assistant. Aura helps you
craft smarter campaigns by suggesting
personalized content, optimizing send
times, and even analyzing performance
data to help you improve your strategy
in real time. It's like having a
marketing expert on your team 24/7. And
of course, Brevo offers advanced
analytics, seamless integrations, and
AIdriven personalization. Everything you
need to create multi-channel campaigns
that hit the mark every single time. Get
started for free today or use code tribe
50 to save 50% on starter and standard
plans for the first three months of the
annual subscription. Just head to
www.brevo.com/tribe
and take your marketing further with
Brevo and Aura.
>> How do you go about finding out who your
online niche or audience is to sell to
if you're mostly in person but trying to
extend to online as well?
>> Great question there from Connor. And of
course, identifying your niche is step
number one for growing on Instagram. But
where I think a lot of people get messed
up when it comes to niche is that they
have to either find their niche, they
have to discover it, they have to unlock
it, or they think that their niche has
to find them. When neither of those
things are true ultimately, you just
pick your niche. It's not that big of a
deal. I mean, it is because it's step
one for growing on Instagram, but it's
not like getting a tattoo. It's not
permanent. You can change it at any
time. And so ultimately, you just have
to pick. Fortunately, if you're someone
like Connor here and you already have an
in-person business or a local business,
you already have a great idea of who
your clientele is going to be. I define
niche in two parts. It's the who and the
what. Who is your clientele going to be?
The demographics, the age group, the
location, all of those different little
things that might matter. Maybe for you
it doesn't matter what their marital
status is. Maybe it does. Maybe for you
it doesn't matter what their age is. It
probably does though. Maybe for you it
doesn't matter what their education
level is or anything like that. But
basically, try to get as specific as you
can with those demographics. And then
the what is just the thing you're going
to be talking to them about, the
problems you're going to be solving, the
topics you're going to be addressing.
That's what your niche is. Ultimately,
you just pick. And like I said, if
you're in Connor's case here and you
already have an in-person business,
luckily for you, your online niche is
basically going to be the same group
that you're speaking to in person,
probably. This next question comes from
Sarah, and I'm going to give her a
specific answer based off her industry
and a more general answer that's going
to apply to pretty much anyone
listening.
>> What is the best type of content for me
to post as a real estate agent? I have
been posting 6 secondsish B-roll type
content with a long caption, but I
wonder if that's not the best thing for
me to post. First, let me say that this
6second trending audio reel with a long
caption, while that can be effective for
many people, that's not like the end all
be all holy grail to having success on
Instagram. And so, if you're watching or
listening today and that isn't what's
working for you, by all means, try
something else. Experiment with other
kinds of posts. That's the first thing I
would say specifically for someone who
is a real estate agent. I have seen a
ton of super creative and engaging real
estate content recently. Some examples
that I could name off the top of my head
is one woman, she said, "I'm going to
play hideand seek in my listing and then
she was like hiding in different rooms
and she was like whispering into her mic
so you could hear her talking but you
couldn't see her and then she would step
out." So, it was like a really creative
way to show off the house. Another
example is a guy who does speed tours.
So, he literally like sprints through
the house and like yells out everything
that you need to know about the house
super quick. There's also a viral trend
a few months ago where the text on the
screen was, I let my Gen Z nephew edit
my real estate video and then the video
was just like hilariously edit with all
these crazy cuts. It was just a bunch of
them like breathing in like getting
ready to speak. So, it was just like it
was super funny, super hilarious. So, my
point in this is as a real estate agent,
get creative. You can't just post the
same trending audio that everyone else
is and expect it to do well. You also
can't just do the old school, hey, I'm
going to walk you through this house and
tell you about every room as if you were
here at the open house. Now, that's not
going to be engaging on social media.
You have to get creative with it. And of
course, while that specifically applies
to real estate agents, that also is
going to more generally apply to anyone
listening. If you are not having the
success with, let's be honest, let's
call it the loweffort reels, then kick
it up a notch and experiment with some
more higheffort reels that are more
creative, that are more original, more
unique, and not just a recreation of a
trend. Next question comes from Jolie.
And if you're just getting started,
starting over, or you have a relatively
low following, this question is for you.
How do you gain traction when your
account's new? Because a lot of people
won't follow until you have followers,
like social proof. But how do you get
followers if nobody will take a chance
on you? So, it's kind of hard.
>> It's not kind of hard. It's really hard.
Growing is something that kind of
snowballs downhill. Growing your
following online, it it's kind of like
an exponential growth curve where the
more followers you gain, the more
followers you will gain because you have
that perceived authority. That's just
simple human nature. And so, it's tough.
The only thing that I can tell you is
keep working, keep showing up, keep
improving your content, keep putting
yourself out there into the world. It's
not easy. Most of the time, most of us
have family and friends who are good but
not great. Like, they're not going to
hype us up as much as we would like, and
we don't have a following on other
platforms. So, all you can do is just
keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just
keep posting, posting, posting, showing
up, improving your content, refining
your messaging, pouring into the
followers that you do have, focusing on
serving the people who are already on
your page rather than constantly seeking
out more. Um, and of course there are
other little things that you can do like
creating shareworthy content, doing
giveaways, but uh, generally just keep
showing up, keep creating content. I
know it sucks, but embrace the suck.
Embrace the challenge. And the people
who do embrace the challenge and who
keep staying consistent are the ones who
end up growing the most. It's the people
who are like, "Ah, it didn't work for me
after a month or 2 months or 6 months
and they give up. They never have
success." Success will come definitely
eventually. So, just keep staying with
it. I know it's not easy. I know it's
challenging, but keep refining,
improving, and posting. This next
question from Anna Isabelle is one that
so many people are going to resonate
with, and so I think it's important that
we answer it and talk about it.
>> How do you get over the fear to start? I
feel like the knowledge I might have to
help others is already out there.
>> The fear of starting is why most people
will never get started. But ultimately,
you have this story, you have this
experience, you have lived the life that
you live, and you're even considering
this for a reason. And so, yes, you're
absolutely right. The things that you're
going to be sharing are most likely
already out there. The tips, the
education, that's most likely already
out there. But your own story and
experience is not. And you have your own
unique story and experience so that you
can share it and share your knowledge
through your own lens with the world.
Those things have happened to you so
that you can help others with those
things. the experiences, the problems
that you've solved, the challenges
you've overcome, those things have been
done so that you can share that
knowledge, that experience, or that
expertise with the world. So, I know
it's scary. I know it's scary, but be
scared and do it anyways. Something that
I'm trying not to do in 2026 is to use
the term small business because let's be
real, there's nothing small about the
business that you are building. The
number of different hats that you have
to wear is not small. The decisions that
you have to make on a daily basis are
not small. And the impact that you're
making on yourself, your family, your
customers, and possibly the entire world
is not small either. And for so many
business owners, the number of different
platforms that you have to learn to use
is also not small. But thanks to
Shopify, it can be because Shopify is
the e-commerce platform that has all the
tools you need in one place. Because
Shopify itself used to be a quote
unquote small business. Shopify's point
of sales system is a unified command
center for your retail business. It
brings together in-person and online
operations with up to 1,00 locations,
which makes your customers lives easier
by making shopping convenient. Endless
aisle, ship to customer, buy online,
pick up in store, all made simpler so
that customers can shop the way they
want and staff has tools to close the
sale every time. But let's face it,
acquiring new customers is expensive.
With Shopify POSOS, you can keep
customers coming back with personalized
experiences and first-party data which
gives your marketing team a competitive
edge. In fact, it's proven. And you
know, I love me some numbers. Based on a
report from EY, businesses on Shopify
POSOS see real results like 22% better
total cost of ownership and benefits
equivalent to an 8.9% uplift in sales on
average relative to the markets that
surveyed. Get all the big stuff for your
small business right with Shopify. Sign
up for your $1 per month trial and start
selling on Shopify today at
shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
Again, that's shopify.com/tribe.
>> How can I authentically sell?
Authenticity and doing things
authentically is something that is is
always kind of a little bit funny to me
because how do you be authentic is kind
of like asking the question of how do
you be yourself? You just do. But that's
an oversimplification. So, let me try to
answer this question um in a few helpful
ways. Number one, use your own stories
to sell your product. So, use whatever
stories or experiences or challenges
that you've overcome or problems that
you've solved that led you to create
this product. use those things in the
promotions of said product. Let me give
you an example. If I'm promoting like my
Instagram membership, the Insta Club
hub, I oftentimes tell the story of how
it was 2020, we were on lockdown. I was
living with my mom and we were talking
about how frustrating it was as course
creators to constantly be coming out
with Instagram courses which then
constantly had to be updated and then
you constantly had to make a new one
because Instagram changed again and you
were constantly having to sell it again
and you were selling something to people
and then you were like a few months
later being like wait now buy this new
thing and it was frustrating and so that
led us to the creation of an Instagram
club, one that was constantly being
updated and one that people could pay a
month-to-month subscription for at a
much lower price rather than constantly
having to buy a new course that was very
quickly becoming outdated. So, that's a
story, a pain point that I have that I
solved for myself that also solves a
painoint for my audience. And so, that's
an authentic sale. I also think
generally speaking, um, when you first
start selling online for the first time,
it's going to feel inauthentic because
it's something you've never done before.
So, how can it feel like you if it's
something that you've literally never
done? That's normal to an extent. I
think that over time it's going to feel
more natural. It's going to feel more
normal. it's going to feel more
authentic. And then the final thing I
would say is that if you ever record
something um that is salesy or
promotional and you record it and you
feel icky afterwards, that's different
than feeling uncomfortable. I think
there's a certain amount of
uncomfortability that's normal, that's
good, that's helpful, that we should
embrace. But once it gets to the point
where you're like, "Ooh, I feel gross
and slimy and icky and I just don't feel
good about putting this out into the
world." That's different. Maybe we can
then revisit that post, that content,
whatever it is that you said and pick it
apart and see like was there a specific
word or phrase that you used that felt
icky or that specifically made you very
uncomfortable? And most likely it's
going to be a word or phrase that you
used because you've heard someone else
use it and so you're like, I think this
is just the right thing to say. So you
tried it out and it's not for you.
That's great because now you're one step
closer to finding out what is for you
and what is truly authentically yourself
online. This next question comes from
source the stunner.
>> How do I get more reach out of my
stories?
>> This is what I like to call my STD
strategy. And yes, it's named that so
you don't forget it. First, you're going
to take a 48 hour break from your
stories. Basically, let all of your
existing stories expire and then let an
additional day go by where you have no
new stories posted. You're fine to post
on your feed, post your reels, whatever,
but don't post any new stories. Then
once that break is done, your algorithm,
specifically your stories algorithm,
will be reset. It will be wiped clean,
clean slate. Then what you're going to
do is post, and this is where STD comes
in. You're going to post an STD. And
that stands for a single text post story
with DM automation. So single meaning
just one. You're not going to post
multiple stories. You're just going to
post one singular story and that's it
for the entire day. Not post one, then a
few hours later post another. No,
literally one singular story. That's the
S. The T is a text post story. So, it's
going to be a story with either a blank
solid color background or maybe like a
photo of you doing whatever it is you're
going to be doing. But, it's key that
it's a photo and not a video. And then
on top of that photo or that solid color
background, you're going to add a bunch
of text. I'm talking about like
paragraphs, like a lot of text, like
write multiple multiple sentences of
text. And then at the bottom of that
text, you're going to end with a call to
action that uses DM automation. So
essentially, it's going to end with
something like, reply with the word
question if you have a question. Reply
with the word code if you want the
discount code, reply with the word X if
you want Y. That's what's going to end
your story. And then that's it. Let it
sit for 24 hours. And statistically
speaking, I'm pretty confident in saying
what I'm about to say, that will be your
most viewed story, maybe ever. at least
it'll be your most viewed story
recently. Essentially, how this works is
because your algorithm is wiped clean.
Whenever you post a story, the algorithm
is essentially, this is an
oversimplification, but it's doing a
math equation that is a big division
line and on top of the division line,
the numerator is the total number of
engagement. the total amount of
engagement that your story is getting.
Whether it's a reply, whether it's a
like, whether it's someone clicking on
like a sticker, total amount of
engagement, division bar, and then the
denominator below the division bar is
how many stories have you posted. So,
simple math, let's say that you have 100
people engaging with a story, and you
have one singular story posted. Well,
the answer to that equation is 100,
right? 100 divided by 1 is 100. Well, if
you have 100 engagements on that story
and then you post a second story, well,
now the answer is 50. Literally half the
engagement rate. And so essentially,
every time you post an additional story,
your average engagement rate goes down
and the algorithm is not a fan of that.
So just post one story, post an STD, and
it should be your most viewed story
maybe ever. Okay, next question comes
from Kai, or maybe it's K. I'm sorry if
I'm saying it wrong. Here's her
question. What's the single most
important strategy or habit I should
focus on right now to consistently grow
my audience, engage them, and convert
followers into clients?
>> Okay, so yes, shareworthy posts is a
great way to reach those people. But
bigger than that, and I want to give
kind of a different answer to this
question, I would say focus on improving
your own skill of empathy. Empathizing
with your ideal customer, empathizing
with your follower. Why is that? Because
empathy is what will allow you to create
content that resonates more strongly
with them. Content that when they see
it, they stop, they watch, they engage,
maybe they even share. Empathizing with
your audience means understanding their
pain points, knowing their struggles,
knowing exactly how they're feeling.
Like, if you've ever been scrolling
through your feed and you're like, "Oh
my gosh, I needed to see this or I
needed to hear this." Or, "Oh my gosh,
is this person living in my brain with
the things they said in this post?"
That's because that person was able to
empathize with you, maybe even without
ever talking to or meeting you. So,
that's a skill. That's a skill that can
be improved and refined over time. And
yes, there are things you can do to
practice that skill, but ultimately,
it's just going to take time to improve
that skill. Doing that skill will
improve every area of your business and
your content. Whether it's from creating
more engaging, shareworthy posts to
creating offers that are irresistible to
your audience to actually creating then
promotions and sales posts that promote
that offer in a way that makes your
audience feel like, "Oh my gosh, I need
this." And you know they need it because
it could clearly solve their problems. I
know it's not like the sexy strategy of
an STD strategy, but at the end of the
day, empathizing with your audience and
your ideal customers is something that
if you can master, you will 100% be
successful with online business. One of
the most common questions that I receive
is the one that Tanya asked.
>> How many times a day should I post on
Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube in order to
grow those accounts?
>> What's interesting is the answer is
actually going to vary based off each of
the platforms. So, let's start with
YouTube. YouTube I would recommend when
we're talking about long- form,
horizontal, the kind of traditional
YouTube videos, no more than two a week.
Really, one to two with a focus more on
quality than quantity. You really want
to make sure that your videos are
professionally done. And I shouldn't say
professionally done, but they're they're
as good as you can make them. One a week
is a great goal to strive for. But even
if you can only do, let's say, one every
other week, I think that's great for
consistency on YouTube. On Tik Tok, it
is almost the complete opposite. Yes,
quality matters, but Tik Tok, we see a
super strong correlation between
accounts that are posting three, four,
five times a day and accounts that are
growing the fastest. So on Tik Tok, it
truly is the more you post, the more you
grow with less of an emphasis on quality
and more of an emphasis on quantity.
Again, I'm not encouraging you to just
post random crap, but make sure it's
related to your niche. Make sure it's
valuable or educational or, you know,
relatable, funny, whatever. Um, but post
as much as you can on Tik Tok. On
Instagram, it is also true that the more
you post, the more you grow. However, I
wouldn't recommend necessarily posting
five or six times a day, especially when
you're first getting started on
Instagram. But if you can post twice a
day consistently on Instagram, you will
have success likely a lot faster than
someone who's posting only once a day or
once every other day. Because it is true
on Instagram as well that the more you
post, the more you grow. Generally
speaking with all of these platforms
though, I got to tell you this. Focus on
what you can sustain. Because what a lot
of people do is they hear me say, "The
more you post, the more you grow." And
then they start going for two posts a
day and then they burn out and they run
out of content and all of a sudden they
miss a few weeks or they miss a month.
That inconsistency is going to lead to a
lot less growth. Um rather than, you
know, sprinting for a month and then
standing still for a month. Slow and
steady does truly win the race. So
figure out what you can sustain based
off of your goals, your current season
of life, your um availability, your
resources, and whatnot, and stick to
that number that you can sustain. I
think we're actually going to continue
this Q&A as almost like a series,
continuing on. We'll see how long it
lasts. I might try to curate some
questions about specific topics so that
maybe we can do an entire episode where
you ask me questions about selling or
you ask me questions about niche or you
ask me questions about stories or or
whatever. So just be on the lookout for
that. And also, if you ever have any
questions that you want answered on the
show, send me an audio message on
Instagram. Or if you have a specific
guest or topic that you would like me to
cover, you can also DM that to me on
Instagram. But again, thank you so much
for being here. Don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you next